---
title: CppCon Day 2
categories: [cppcon]
tags: [programming,cplusplus]
---
Here's my notes for day 2!

## Will Your Code Survive the Attack of the Zombie Pointers?
Zombie pointers are ABA problem pointers.

Hazard pointers don't solve the problem.

Paper - http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/www/docs/n2369.pdf

## "Allegro" Means Fast and Happy. Coincidence?
-  Binary search is bad for branch prediction
-  Floyd's algorithm
-  Replace conditional jumps with conditional arithmetic
-  $$(C(n) + M(n) + kD(n))/n$$ where $$C(n)$$ is comparisons, $$M(n)$$ is moves,
   and $$D(n)$$ is distance between subsequent array accesses. $$k$$ is some
   unknown constant.
-  Performance improves with specializing to invariants. Should adjust
   hyper-parameters depending on things like type size, type move cost, type
   comparison cost, etc.

## SG20 Panel on Education
I asked a question! It was "what are some things the standards commmittee can do
to help with poor error messages?" I don't think the committee liked that
question.  Some people laughed at me after hearing it. The first answer I
got was along the lines of "complain to your vendor." But after I pressed it,
they talked a bit about what you can do to teach students about error
messages. Things like "show them the error messages in a controlled
environment" and "translate the error messages for them the first time."

## Met up with Stefan

## Behind Enemy Lines: Reverse Engineering C++ in Modern Ages
-  MSVC uses registers to pass parameters when possible

## Networking
I told my friend Anushree that I hadn't done any internships yet, and I think she
felt bad for me, because we spent the next hour talking to recruiters who'd set
up shop at the conference.

## C++ Smells
Constructions separated from assignment, output parameters, and other bad
practices in C++. Solution is to put const everywhere.

## Lightning Talks
These were kinda disappointing. I was hoping to see something more like Chandler
Carruth's lightning talk from 2017, so I guess I was bound to be disappointed,
but in general the lightning talk format felt pretty constraining for the
presenters, and the content felt a lot less cool than the regular talks. I kinda
wish I'd just gone to bed.
