---
title: CppCon Day 1
categories: [cppcon]
tags: [programming,cplusplus]
---
I went to CppCon! Here's my notes for day 1 of talks. Most of the talks are going
to be available online, so I'll only mention when something *isn't* available on
the CppCon YouTube channel. Also, italics are words that I'm thinking (except
when they're in context, use common sense).

## Registration
Easy breezy. Partially because my first name is Albert.

## Bjarne Stroustrup's C++20 Talk

#### Introduction by John Kalb
What is C++? John asserts that it's a culture; one that has utility, one that's
challenging, and one that's humble. C++ is people.

Also, there are highschoolers here! That's crazy.

#### The Talk Itself
This talk is a high level discussion of C++. Bjarne talked about:

-  C++ needs to be beginner friendly
-  When teaching C++, teach the nice stuff first, then "peel away the onion" when
   you need to go closer to the hardware
-  Failures are redone, successes last decades
-  One of the hardest types of programming is error handling
-  Rules of Thumb
   -  Static type system
   -  Value and reference semantics
   -  Direct use of machine resources
   -  RAII
   -  Composition of software
   -  Support for object oriented programming
   -  Support for generic programming
   -  Support for compile-time programming
   -  Concurrency through libraries supported by intrinsics

## The C++20 Synchronization Library
Not too much special in this one. Video's online.

## Writing Safety Critical Automotive Software for High Performance AI
5 levels of safety.
Heterogeneous problems beyond parallelism include kernel being masked, or never getting
to the external processors.

## High Performance on GPUs
This felt like an advertisement.

## Allocator Aware Software
Having your software be aware of allocators is incredibly beneficial for a bunch
of stuff.

## Student Dinner
Bjarne Stroustrup came! Made friends with people: Matt Dupree, Nathan Ward, and
Anushree Khanna.

## Fireside Chat
It's really cool being this physically close to some of my heros.

